Feature/improve docs (#5)
AitoDotAI/aito-python-tools: docs/source/cli.rst

Example::

  $ aito infer-table-schema csv < path/to/myCSVFile.csv

Infer a table schema from a semicolon delimited csv file::

  $ aito infer-table-schema csv -d ';' < path/to/myCSVFile.csv

Infer a table schema from a semicolon delimited comma decimal point csv file::

  $ aito infer-table-schema csv -d ';' -p ',' < path/to/myCSVFile.csv

Infer Table Schema From Excel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito infer-table-schema excel -h

Example::

  $ aito infer-table-schema excel path/to/myExcelFile.xlsx

.. note::

  Infer table schema from Excel only take file path instead of stdin

Infer a table schema from a single sheet of an excel file::

  $ aito infer-table-schema excel -o sheetName path/to/myExcelFile.xls

Infer Table Schema From JSON_
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito infer-table-schema json -h

Example::

  $ aito infer-table-schema json path/to/myJSONFile.json

Infer Table Schema From NDJSON_
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito infer-table-schema ndjson -h

Example::

  $ aito infer-table-schema ndjson path/to/myNDJSONFile.ndjson

.. _cliConvert:

convert command
---------------

> The ``convert`` command helps you to convert the input data into JSON_ or NDJSON_ for upload or covert the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``convert`` command helps you to convert the input data into JSON_ or NDJSON_ for upload or convert the data
```

according to a table schema.

Aito takes JSON array of objects for `Inserting multiple
entries <https://aito.ai/docs/api/#post-api-v1-data-table-batch>`__ and
a gzip compressed NDJSON_ file for
`File upload <https://aito.ai/docs/api/#post-api-v1-data-table-file>`__.

Supported input formats:

- csv
- excel (both xls and xlsx)
- JSON_
- NDJSON_

Usage
~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito convert -h

To see help for a specific input format::

  $ aito convert <input-format> -h

Redirection
~~~~~~~~~~~

By default, the command takes standard input and standard output. To redirect::

  $ aito convert csv < path/to/myFile.csv > path/to/myConvertedFile.ndjson

Convert to JSON
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> By default, the command convert input to NDJSON_ format. If you want to convert to JSON_ format, use the ``-j`` or ``--json`` flag::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the command converts the input to the NDJSON_ format. If you want to convert to the JSON_ format, use the ``-j`` or ``--json`` flag::
```

  $ aito convert <input-format> --json ...

Convert and Infer Schema
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can convert the data and infer a table schema on the way by using the ``-c`` or ``--create-table-schema`` flag::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can convert the data and infer a table schema at the same time by using the ``-c`` or ``--create-table-schema`` flag::
```
I'm not sure if I got what is meant by "on the way"

  $ aito convert <input-format> -c path/to/inferredTableSchema.json ...

Convert Using A Table Schema
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can convert the data to match an existing table schema by using the ``-s`` or ``--use-table-schema`` flag::

  $ aito convert <input-format> -s path/to/tableSchema.json ...

> Convert Csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert CSV
```

~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito convert csv -h

Example::

  $ aito convert csv path/to/myCsvFile.csv > path/to/convertedFile.ndjson

Convert a semicolon delimited csv file::

  $ aito convert csv -d ';' < path/to/myCsvFile.csv

Convert a semicolon delimited comma decimal point csv file::

  $ aito convert csv -d ';' -p ',' < path/to/myCsvFile.csv

Convert Excel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito convert excel -h

Example::

  $ aito convert excel path/to/myExcelFile.xlsx > path/to/convertedFile.ndjson

.. note::

>   Convert from Excel only take file path instead of stdin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Convert from Excel only takes the file path instead of stdin
```

Convert a single sheet of an excel file::

  $ aito convert excel -o sheetName path/to/myExcelFile.xls

Convert JSON
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito convert json -h

Example::

  $ aito convert json < path/to/myJSONFile.json > path/to/convertedFile.ndjson

Convert NDJSON
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To see help::

  $ aito convert ndjson -h

Example::

  $ aito convert ndjson -j < path/to/myNDJSONFile.ndjson > path/to/convertedFile.json

.. _cliDatabase:

database command
----------------

The ``database`` command allows you to perform most database operations.

.. _cliSetUpAitoCredentials:

Set Up Aito Credentials
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Performing operation with your Aito database instance always requires credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performing operations with your Aito database instance always requires credentials.
```

There are 3 ways to set up the credentials:

1. The most convenient way is to set up the following environment variables::

>     $ source AITO_INSTANCE_NAME=your-instance-name

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be export? Source is usually used for files, that I know of.

    $ source AITO_API_KEY=your-api-key

>   You can now perform operations::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can now perform database operations::
```

    $ aito database <operation> ...

2. Using a dotenv (``.env``) file

  Your .env file should contain environment variables as described above.

  You can set up the credentials using a dotenv file with the ``-e`` flag::

>     $ aito database -e path/to/myDotEnvFile.env <operation> ...

Reviewer: Random note, we could look into getting the env file to be readable from the current directory that the commands are being run. (To be discussed)

3. Using flags:

  You can set up the credentials using ``-i`` flag for the instance name and ``-k`` flag for the api key::

    $ aito database -i MY_AITO_INSTANCE_NAME -k MY_API_KEY <operation> ...

.. note::

>   All of the following operations require read-write key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All of the following operations require the read-write key
```

.. _cliQuickAddTable:

Quick Add a Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Infer a table schema based on the given file, create a table using the file name and upload the file content to the created table::

  $ aito database quick-add-table path/to/tableEntries.json

.. _cliCreateTable:

Create a Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Create a table using the given Aito table schema::

  $ aito database create-table tableName path/to/tableSchema.json

.. _cliBatchUpload:

Batch Upload
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Upload entries to an *existing* table (a table of which `schema has been created <https://aito.ai/docs/api/#put-api-v1-schema>`_) in your Aito instance::

    $ aito database upload-batch tableName < tableEntries.json

.. _cliFileUpload:

File Upload
~~~~~~~~~~~

Upload a file to an *existing* table in your Aito instance::

    $ aito database upload-file tableName tableEntries.ndjson.gz

Delete a Table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Delete a table schema and all the data inside it:

  .. code-block:: console

    $ aito database delete-table tableName

  .. warning:: This operation is irreversible

Delete the Whole Database
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Delete all tables schema and all data in the instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the database's schema and all data in the instance:
```

  .. code-block:: console

    $ aito database delete-database

  .. warning:: This operation is irreversible

Tab Completion
--------------

The CLI supports tab completion using argcomplete_

> -  To activate global completion::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate global completion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

    $ activate-global-python-argcomplete

> -  If you choose not to use global completion::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use use global completion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

    $ eval "$(register-python-argcomplete aito)"

> - You might have to install ``python3-argcomplete``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

    $ sudo apt install python3-argcomplete

> - Please refer the `argcomplete documentation`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please refer to the `argcomplete documentation`_
```
